Which tools are we using throughout this course?
Well, the good news is there are only two tools that we will mainly work with.
The first tool is a tool you saw already when Max showed you how CSS generally works,
it's our code editor, Visual Studio Code.
You can download it for free right here on code.visualstudio.com
and here is the link and
of course you can use any code editor, text editor or IDE of your choice.
We just use Visual Studio Code because we think it's really nice to use, really powerful and for that,
a good choice for this course. In addition to this, we also use Chrome as a browser.
Again, you can use any browser of your choice but the main reason why we are using Chrome is because Chrome
comes with really powerful developer tools and we will dive into these developer tools throughout the course.
Generally, having powerful developer tools is really helpful; especially if you want to understand
the core logic of CSS and how it interacts with different parts on our website.
So this is it actually
if you want to use Visual Studio Code and Chrome. If you don't want to, use the IDE and the browser of
your choice. With that, it's now finally time to get started with the first core module of this course.